chore: clarify jwt tokenizer (#1970)
ory/docs: docs/identities/session-to-jwt-cors.mdx

# Convert Ory Sessions to JSON Web Tokens

> Ory offers a powerful session management system that is based on Ory Session Cookies for browser clients and Ory Session Tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ory offers a powerful session management system that is based on cookies for browser clients and API tokens
```

> for API clients. In some contexts it is a better option to use a JSON Web Token:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for API clients. Additionally, Ory supports converting a session to a JSON Web Token (JWT). A JWT might be the better option in certain situations, such as:
```
